The prison was absolute. It didn’t just bind his body. It fettered his mind, making it difficult to think. It enclosed his senses, locking him off from creation. Most importantly, it shackled his vast power, holding back the torrent of his wrath. It left him impotent. Agaris was bound by Order itself, the very substance of the universe. It was truly a prison for a God.
	Agaris screamed within his bonds, struggling with rage. Once, that scream would have shaken the universe, shattering planets with its intensity. Now it was swallowed by the void, leaving only silence and anger. No matter how he pushed, no matter how his divine power surged, he could not link himself back to the tangible realm. It was infuriating, and it nearly drove him mad. One thing kept him sane however--a simple emotion, valuable only because of its variety. In the end, it was the curiosity that saved Agaris’s mind. He had to know the answer to a single question.
	Had he won?
	“Agaris,” a voice whispered.
	Agaris struggled, twisting in the void, seeking out the source of the sound His thrashings prompted a chuckle that rang in the darkness.
	“Decay,” Agaris hissed, speaking the title of the one who had imprisoned him. “What have you done to me?” His voice had no sound, even to himself, but Decay responded to it anyway.
	“I have given you that which you desired, son of the Former,” the voice replied.  “Vaeria, the world you desired, is now yours.”
	Agaris bellowed silently in anger. “What good is that if I am shuttered away in your void!” he demanded. “A God is no God if he cannot rule!”
	The chuckling continued. “Oh, Agaris,” it said. “Do not fret so. Your prison is not absolute.”
	Agaris paused. “I can free myself?” he demanded.
	“No, I doubt it,” Decay replied through the void. “But, if you are clever, you will find a way to contact your world, to influence its people. A god does not need to affect a world directly to rule--in fact, sometimes it is better if he does not I suspect you shall do just fine, all things considered.”
	Agaris continued to thrash, but his rage was tempered slightly.  If there were a way out. . . .
	Suddenly a thought struck him. “What of my brother?” he asked with fear.
	“Imprisoned, like yourself,” Decay replied.
	Terror stabbed Agaris’s immortal heart. “Then he can escape as well!” he said.
	“Oh, not likely,” Decay informed. “His imprisonment is different than your own. You see, I took his mind and memory from him when I locked him away. He has no knowledge or sense--he doesn’t even know who he is.”
	Agaris’s fear quieted at the announcement. Then, however, his rage returned--more powerfully, even, than before.  “His mind is gone?” Agaris bellowed. “But, how then can he know of his defeat? What is victory if my brother cannot suffer in his loss?”
	Decay laughed in the darkness. “Oh, Agaris,” he said. “Would you have it the other way? He nearly defeated you. If you hadn’t come to me... Well, would you really rather have him awake--able to suffer, true, but able to struggle? Able, perhaps, to escape? To defeat you?”
	Agaris paused. He had fought for so long with Makkal over the world of Vaeria True, this way his brother would not suffer, but he would also no longer be a threat.
	“I can touch the world?” Agaris asked slowly.
	“Well, not the world itself. But you can touch the minds of those who dwell therein,” Decay replied.
	“Do they remember me?” Agaris asked. The void had no time--how long had he been imprisoned?
	“After a fashion,” Decay explained. “They remember what you and your brother did. They’ve actually invented names for you--Slaughter and Despair, the Fell Twins.  Endearing, wouldn’t you say?”
	For the first time since his imprisonment, Agaris fell still. His brother was no more, and the world was his. He didn’t trust Decay, of course--once he learned to contact Vaeria, he would have to make certain that his brother never awakened. Still, it was enough. He would not be able to visit Vaeria as he once had, but the prize belonged to him. He had defeated Makkal. had defied the will of the Former himself. He had won.
	And so, despite everything else, Agaris was satisfied. 
 
